add config options to allow warnings and omit messages (#14908)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/lemon-coats-camp.md

---

> '@backstage/repo-tools': minor

Reviewer: This can be a `patch` bump, no breaking changes right?

---

Add new command options to the `api-report`

> - added `--allowWarnings` to continue processing packages if some packages have warnings
> - added `--omitMessages` to pass some warnings messages code to be omitted from the api-report.md files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added `--allow-warnings` to continue processing packages if some packages have warnings
- added `--omit-messages` to pass some warnings messages code to be omitted from the api-report.md files
```

Also implying that we should switch `omitMessages` to kebab, it's what we use everywhere else.
